[Control Center] Add steps to install Control Center in WSL (#4280)
vaadin/docs: articles/control-center/getting-started/local-environment.adoc

== Application Development

To develop applications locally, you can use the <<../dev-mode#,Local Development Mode>>. It allows you to run your application locally and interact with the cluster as if it were running inside it.

== Install Control Center in WSL

> One of the possible solutions to install Control Center on Windows in a local environment is to use https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker Desktop] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl[WSL] (Windows Subsystem for Linux). First you need to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install[install] the WSL. It is important you choose a distribution during the installation where you can install Helm:
> 
> [source,shell]
> ----
> wsl --install -d <Distribution Name>
> ----
> 
> One option is to use the Ubuntu distribution:
> [source,shell]
> ----
> wsl --install -d Ubuntu
> ----

Reviewer: Let's shorten this section. It's fairly obvious which part can be changed from the second example. Also slightly improved grammar for readability.
```suggestion
One solution to install Control Center on Windows in a local environment is to use https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker Desktop] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl[WSL] (Windows Subsystem for Linux).

First, you need to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install[install] WSL. It is important to choose a distribution that allows installation of Helm, for example Ubuntu:

[source,shell]
----
wsl --install -d Ubuntu
----
```

> Then you need to enable the Kubernetes and WSL built-in engines in Docker Desktop:

Reviewer: Simplify.
```suggestion
Then, you need to enable Kubernetes and WSL in Docker Desktop:
```

image::images/enable_kubernetes.png[Enable Kubernetes]

image::images/enable_wsl.png[Enable WSL]

> You also need to enable the integration with the Ubuntu distribution in Docker Desktop:

Reviewer: Simplify.
```suggestion
You also need to enable integration with the Ubuntu distribution in Docker Desktop:
```

image::images/enable_ubuntu_distribution.png[Enable Ubuntu Distribution]

> Then you can start the WSL with the following command using the distribution you chose before, in this case the Ubuntu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can start the WSL with the following command, using the distribution you chose before (in this case Ubuntu):
```

[source,shell]
----
wsl.exe -d Ubuntu
----

> After you need to use the WSL terminal to install Helm and Control Center. First,  you need to https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/#from-apt-debianubuntu[install] Helm before you can start to xref:../getting-started/local-environment#deploying_control_center[install] Control Center in the local environment with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, you need to use the WSL terminal to install Helm and Control Center. First,  you need to https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/#from-apt-debianubuntu[install] Helm before you can xref:../getting-started/local-environment#deploying_control_center[install] Control Center in the local environment with the command:
```

> After you need to use the WSL terminal to install Helm and Control Center. First,  you need to https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/#from-apt-debianubuntu[install] Helm before you can start to xref:../getting-started/local-environment#deploying_control_center[install] Control Center in the local environment with the command:

Reviewer: Do we need to reiterate the install command and adding entries to host files? This is covered in the linked installation guide. Also, it gives us another place to change when updating these processes (e.g. with `local.gd` we can skip editing the hosts file).

Author: You are right, it is not needed to mention the install command again. I removed it. However, I would keep the host file part as there are automatic changes by Docker Desktop what is worth to point out.

Reviewer 2: > it gives us another place to change when updating these processes

That could be alleviated by `include::[]`:ing that content from the installation guide. No need to copy paste it.
